netbird: rework server and include new component (#354032)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/modules/services/networking/netbird/server.md

## Quickstart {#module-services-netbird-server-quickstart}

To fully setup Netbird as a self-hosted server, you need a Coturn or relay server, a netbird-signal server, an identity provider, and
a netbird management instance.
A list of supported SSOs and their setup are available [on Netbird's documentation](https://docs.netbird.io/selfhosted/selfhosted-guide#step-3-configure-identity-provider-idp).

> There are quite a few settings that need to be passed to Netbird for it to function, and a minimal config might look like :

Reviewer: Please use an `:::{.example}` here, that way it will show up in the index of examples.

```nix

> services.netbird.server = {

Reviewer: It wasn't there before, but since you're touching it: please make examples self-contained. In this case it should be a complete module expression. Eventually we want examples to be tested in CI, and until then we can slowly move them to be testable in the first place.

  enable = true;

  # Publicly exposed domain
  domain = "netbird.example.selfhosted";

  # website for administration
  dashboard = {
    enableNginx = true;
    settings.AUTH_AUTHORITY = "https://sso.example.selfhosted/oauth2/openid/netbird";
  };;

  # Netbirds own relay implementation
  relay.authSecretFile = pkgs.writeText "very secure secret";

  # Relay using coturn
  coturn = {
    enable = true;
    passwordFile = "/path/to/a/secret/password";
  };

  # Backend management api
  management = {
    oidcConfigEndpoint = "https://sso.example.selfhosted/oauth2/openid/netbird/.well-known/openid-configuration";
    settings.Signal.URI = "publicly reachable signal endpoint";
    DataStoreEncryptionKey._secret = pkgs.writeText "another very secure secret";
  };
};
```

## Proxy {#module-services-netbird-server-proxy}
The proxy module sets up a unified nginx proxy in front of your netbird instance.

> > [!CAUTION]
> > The proxy module is completely independent from netbird upstream. If you have any problems with it
> > DO NOT open an issue in any `netbirdio` repositories. Instead open them in `nixos/nixpkgs` and ping the
> > proxy maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{.warning}
The proxy module is completely independent from netbird upstream.
If you have any problems with it DO NOT open an issue in any `netbirdio` repositories. Instead open them in [`nixos/nixpkgs`](https://github.com/nixos/nixpkgs/issues) and ping the proxy maintainers.
:::
```

We have our own custom admonitions, not GitHub markdown. Please check the Nixpkgs manual for details, I may have remembered the syntax wrong.

The proxy assumes being hosted over https.

When using the proxy remember to set all public address options to use the proxy host instead of the instance itself. These include:

> ```nix
> server.domain
> management.settings.Signal.URI
> relay.setting.NB_EXPOSED_ADDRESS
> 
> ```

Reviewer: This should rather be a list since its not a nix expression:

```suggestion
- `server.domain`
- `management.settings.Signal.URI`
- `relay.setting.NB_EXPOSED_ADDRESS`
```
